1
CP5603 Assignment
Due by Friday of Week 10 (no later than 5:00pm)
Aim: This assignment is designed to improve your critical thinking and problem solving skills, as well
as your information literacy skills (i.e. the ability to select and organise information and to communicate it
effectively and ethically).
Requirements, Method of Submission, and Marking Criteria:
 Answer all of the following questions in a single document. Each question should begin on a new page.
 Include your name on the first page.
 Include list of references for each question with proper in-text citations.
 For each of the first two (2) questions, write a report of approximately 750 words.
 In your answer to questions 3 and 4 (i.e., cryptanalysis), show all your work. Note that using the Internet
for deciphering the cryptogram and/or learning the key from any other sources is an instance of plagiarism.
You have to show (step-by-step) how did you achieve the plaintext and key.
 Marking criteria is given after each question.
 Upload your solution to the Assignment Box, located in the subject’s site.
1. Diffie-Hellman Research
How does Diffie-Hellman key exchange protocol works? Use the Internet to research this key-exchange
protocol. Explain the man-in-the-middle attack and provide a numerical example that shows how the
‘man-in-the-middle’ attack works in this protocol.
[3 marks]
Marking Criteria:
 1 mark for clear description of the protocol, with a numerical example.
 2 marks for demonstration of the man-in-the-middle attack and providing a numerical example
2. You are employed to design a database management system for the personnel of XYZ company. You
have involved the client in the design, informing the CEO, the director of computing, and the director of
personnel about the progress of the system. After gathering user/system requirements it is now time to
make decision about the kind and degree of security to build the system.You have described several options
to the client. Because the system is going to cost more than previously planned, the client decides to opt
for a less secure system. You believe that the information will be stored by the company is extremely
sensitive (i.e., it will include performance evaluations, medical records for filing insurance claims, salaries,
and so forth), and thus, requires a reasonable level of security.
With weak security, employees working on client machines may be able to figure out ways to gain access
to this data, not to mention the possibility of online access from hackers. You feel strongly that the
system should be more secure. You have tried to explain the risk, but the CEO, director of computing
and director of personnel all agree that less security will do.
2
What should you do? Should you refuse to build the system as they request? Discuss the ethical issues
in this case study. You should be able to make some recommendations as to how this ethical problem
may be resolved. Be sure to support any recommendation with reasons informed by your research and
analysis of the ethical issues identified in your discussion. More precisely:
(a) What code of ethics, as set by the ACS (Australian Computer Society), are in direct confrontation
with the attitudes of the CEO and directors?
[2 marks]
(b) If opting for the less secure system is a must, how do you avoid or lessen the repercussion of a security
violation in the future (from both reputational and legal implication points of view).
[2 marks]
Marking Criteria:
(a) 0.5 mark for each of the 4 clauses (Hint: see ’The Primacy of the Public Interest’, and ’The Enhancement of Quality of Life’ code of ethics)
(b) Answers will be different from student to student, but should include software/system development,
and communication with all stakeholders (i.e., employees, CEO, and directors).
3. Cryptanalysis of Substitution Ciphers:
In this question you learn a classical monoalphabetic (substitution) cryptographic system, and are required
to cryptanalysis a given cryptogram.
In substitution ciphers, a permutation of the alphabet is chosen as the cryptogram of original alphabet.
That is, every letter of the plaintext substitutes by corresponding letter in the permuted alphabet. For
example,
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z
c o d k s z r g e l u y a f m v p h i n w t b j q x
Figure 1: A possible permutation of English alphabet
is one of such permutation, in which letters a, b, c, · · · , y, z from the plaintext are substituted by corresponding letters c, o, d, · · · , q, x respectively. Since remembering permutation is not easy, one may employ
a keyword and use a table to generate the permuted alphabet. Let CRYPTOGRAPHY be the keyword.
The permuted alphabet can be obtained as follows.
 Choose a 6 × 5 table/matrix, i.e., a table with 6 rows and 5 columns.
Write down the secret keyword in cells (1, 1), (1, 2), · · · , one letter in each cell, but skip repeated
letters. Figure 2 shows how ‘CRYPTOGRAPHY’ (as a keyword) written down in the table.
 Write alphabet letters (in order) from the first available cell after keyword, but skip all letters that
are already written in the table. You will come out with Table 3.
The permuted alphabet, which will be used to generate the cryptogram, can be obtained by simply
reading the content of Table 3 in columns order (Which gives you the cryptogram alphabet of Figure
1).
3
C R Y P T
O G A H
Figure 2: CRYPTOGRAPHY is the Keyword
C R Y P T
O G A H B
D E F I J
K L M N Q
S U V W X
Z
Figure 3: Table for permuting alphabet
Your Task:
Cryptanalysis of an information system is the study of mathematical techniques for attempting to defeat
information security services.
A cryptographic system is said to be breakable if a third party (i.e., cryptanalyst), without prior knowledge
of the key, can systematically recover plaintext from corresponding ciphertext within an appropriate time
frame.
In this question, you are required to determine the plaintext and the keyword associated to the given
cryptogram. Note that brute force attack (i.e., searching all possible keys) in order to find the keyword is
not efficient. However, letter frequency attack and redundancy in natural languages are efficient tools for
breaking substitution ciphers.
In the following you can find 10 cryptograms, where the breaks are genuine breaks between English words.
You are required to decipher the cryptogram that matches with your Student-ID.
[6 marks]
Marking Criteria:
 1 mark for showing the intermediate result of cryptanalyzing (i.e., when about half of the letters in
the alphabet is determined).
 1 marks for determination of the cryptogram alphabet.
 2 marks for obtaining the 6x5 table associated with the cryptogram alphabet (see Figure 3).
 2 marks for determination of the keyword, and the plaintext.
Not that determination of the keyword/plaintext from incorrect results in previous steps is not acceptable.
4
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX0
vehmdrt-uts (dnkq gdnnto ksbbtrehg) gesvrqkskrtbk wkt
rct kdbt ktgetr uts zqe tjgesvrhqj djo otgesvrhqj.
dnrcqwyc rct tjgesvrhqj djo otgesvrhqj utsk oq jqr
jtto rq it hotjrhgdn, rct ujqfntoyt qz qjt qz rctb
kwzzhgtk rq qirdhj rct qrcte. vwinhg-uts (dnkq gdnnto
dksbbtrehg) gesvrqkskrtbk wkt d ohzztetjr uts zqe
tjgesvrhqj djo otgesvrhqj. rct ujqfntoyt qz qjt uts,
cqftmte, oqtk jqr dnnqf rct qrcte rq it otrtebhjto.
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX1
gq dtj mxgfvrs cutrgyul qatq qau tjjxbwqgph pz th gehpcthq
tqqtfvuc dtj hpq cutrgjqgf. bpjq utcrs uxcpwuth fcswqpjsjqubj
ducu lujgehul qp dgqajqthl qau tqqtfvj pz ulxftqul pwwphuhqj
dap vhud qau uhfcswqgph wcpfujj, nxq lgl hpq vhpd qau
fcswqpectwagf vus. tllgqgphtrrs, gq dtj cumxujqul qatq qau
uhfcswqgph thl lufcswqgph wcpfujjuj fpxrl nu lphu mxgfvrs,
xjxtrrs ns athl, pc dgqa qau tgl pz bufathgftr luigfuj jxfa
tj qau fgwauc lgjv ghiuhqul ns ruph ntqqgjt trnucqg.
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX2
jupiini, hi uhj jtahipo fnbv, ophl qut qutnbtqhgpo
znxilpqhnij nz anltbi gbswqnrbpwus. ut xjtl hiznbapqhni
qutnbs qn piposjt ghwutbj pil gnijhltbtl qut jn-gpootl
wbnlxgq ghwutbj, fuhgu xjt japoo jxdjqhqxqhni dnktj
gniitgqtl ds opbrtb wtbaxqpqhni dnktj. jxdjqhqxqhni dnktj,
pojn gpootl j-dnktj, pbt gniqbnootl ds p btopqhetos junbq
gbswqnrbpwuhg vts qn wbnehlt gnizxjhni (dtgpxjt nz qut
xivinfi jtgbtq vts).
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX3
fi phfj wswub, cu lfjdxjj judxbfpq, pbxjp, sil lujfti fjjxuj doipbsjpfit
phu lfzzubuiduj gupcuui nsbfoxj sxdpfoi pqwuj.
cu cfrr jhoc phsp woob lujfti zob si urudpboifd sxdpfoi gbusdhuj phu
judxbfpq oz phu jqjpua sil lutbsluj fpj wbsdpfdsrfpq --io asppub hoc
judxbu uzzfdfuip sbu phu gxfrlfit grodvj oz si urudpboifd sxdpfoi.
zxbphubaobu, cu lfjdxjj s jup oz buexfbuauipj zob wbsdpfdsr
sil judxbu urudpboifd sxdpfoij (iopu phsp srr ukfjpfit fipubiup sxdpfoi
jfpuj hsnu io judxbfpq --iufphub zob phu gflj iob zob phu gfllubj-- sil
pbxjp fj zxrrq wrsdul fi phu sxdpfoiuub, chfdh fj iop sdduwpsgru zboa
bujusbdh wofipj oz nfuc).
5
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX4
qat lnqn tigdswqhpi jqnilndl (ltj) fnj qat zhdjq
gpcctdghnm-udnlt cpltdi gdswqpudnwahg nmupdhqac fhqa
pwtims nil zxmms jwtghzhtl hcwmtctiqnqhpi ltqnhmj.
hq fnj ltetmpwtl zdpc mxghztd nil etds jppi rtgnct n
jqnilndl zpd tigdswqhpi hi rnivhiu nil pqatd ipi-chmhqnds
nwwmhgnqhpij. hq xjtj qat jnct zthjqtm jqdxgqxdt
fhqa japdqtd 64-rhq lnqn rmpgvj nil n japdqtd 64-rhq vts.
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX5
cxfognhi fch eq fuciigzgqk cffnbkghl on orq hxaeqb nz iquuqbi chk orq
achhqb ep drgfr egkkqbi ixeago egki.
ch cxfognh orco rci nhup nhq iquuqb chk achp expqbi
gi bqzqbbqk on ci c ighluq cxfognh.
ch cxfognh dgor achp iquuqbi chk achp expqbi
g.q., c iqfxbgogqi acbvqo) gi bqzqbbqk on ci c knxeuq cxfognh.
egkkghl gh ch cxfognh fch opwgfcuup eq nz odn opwqi: iqcuqk nb nwqh.
gh c iqcuqk egk cxfognh, iqfbqo egki hno vhndh on orq norqb
egkkqbi cbq ixeagooqk on orq cxfognhqqb.
nhfq orq egkkghl wqbgnk funiqi, orq egki cbq nwqhqk chk orq dghhqb gi
kqoqbaghqk cffnbkghl on inaq
wxeugfup vhndh bxuq (q.l., orq rglrqio egkkqb dghi).
gh ch {\qa nwqh egk} cxfognh, egki cbq vhndh on cuu wcbogfgwchoi
orbnxlrnxo chk czoqb orq egkkghl wqbgnk funiqi.
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX6
seu ulwudhujgu fhse seu cjcmtkhk rz seu puk ociu icmxcnmu
hjkhoesk hjsr seu pukhoj wdrwudshuk rz gdtwsrodcwehg cmordhseak.
carjoks seu acjt pukgujpcjsk rz seu puk, ferku ksdxgsxdu
fck nckup rj zuhksum wudaxscshrj, cdu seu qcwcjuku zcks
ujgdtwshrj cmordhsea (zucm) cjp seu cxksdcmhcj mrvh cmordhsea.
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX7
ij 1976 pizziu cjp bummecj ijsfrpxhup sbu hrjhuws rz
wxdmih-vut hftwsrktksuek. wxdmih-vut hftwsrktksuek
(cmkr hcmmup ckteeusfih ktksuek) xku sgr pizzufujs vutk;
rju ik wxdmih gbimu sbu rsbuf ik vuws kuhfus. hmucfmt,
is ik fuaxifup sbcs hrewxsijo sbu kuhfus vut zfre sbu
wxdmih rju bck sr du ijsfchscdmu. ij 1978 sbfuu pukiojk
dckup rj sbu jrsirj rz wxdmih-vut ktksuek gufu wxdmikbup.
6
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX8
bftuhq, hornfb rgk rklunrg hopcuk opc qou zrdqpbfhrqfpg
wbpilun dpxlk iu xhuk qp dpghqbxdq r wxilfd-vus
dbswqphshqun (qofh fh qou cull-vgpcg bhr dbswqphshqun).
nubvlu rgk oullnrg xhuk qou vgrwhrdv wbpilun fg qoufb
dpghqbxdqfpg. ndulfudu ixflq r hshqun cofdo rwwlfuk
ubbpb dpbbudqfge dpkuh. lrqub fg 1985, ulernrl kuhfeguk
r wxilfd-vus dbswqphshqun xhfge qou kfhdbuqu lperbfqon
wbpilun. nfllub rgk vpilfqy hxeeuhquk xhfge ullfwqfd
dxbtuh qp kuhfeg wxilfd-vus dbswqphshqunh.
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX9
tigcsvqhpi hj qat vchbhqhet gcsvqplcfvahg pvtcfqhpi
xjtm qp tijxct jtgctgs pc gpizhmtiqhfohqs pz hizpcbfqhpi
qcfijbhqqtm fgcpjj fi xijtgxctm gpbbxihgfqhpi gafiito.
qat tigcsvqhpi pvtcfqhpi qfutj f vhtgt pz hizpcbfqhpi,
fojp gfootm btjjflt pc vofhiqtkq, fim qcfijzpcbj
hq hiqp f gcsvqplcfb pc ghvatcqtkq xjhil f jtgctq
gcsvqplcfvahg uts. mtgcsvqhpi hj qat ctetcjt pvtcfqhpi
qp tigcsvqhpi. qat ctgthetc dap apomj qat gpcctgq jtgctq
uts gfi ctgpetc qat btjjflt (vofhiqtkq) zcpb qat
gcsvqplcfb (ghvatcqtkq).
4. Cryptanalysis of a Polyalphabetic Cipher:
In this question you learn a classical polyalphabetic substitution cipher (known as Vigen´ere cipher), and
are required to cryptanalysis a given cryptogram.
Cryptanalysis of an information system is the study of mathematical techniques for attempting to defeat
information security services. A cryptographic system is said to be breakable if a third party (i.e., cryptanalyst), without prior knowledge of the key, can systematically recover plaintext from corresponding
ciphertext within an appropriate time frame.
Background
Julius Caesar used a cipher which moved each letter of the alphabet to the letter three to the left in
the predetermined order of the letters of the alphabet. Figure 4 shows original English alphabet and
corresponding cryptogram alphabet in Caesar cipher:
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z
d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z a b c
Figure 4: English alphabet letter and their corresponding cryptograms in the Caesar cipher
In order to use mathematical notations, let convert letters of the alphabet to integers. The most natural
conversion is to assign to each letter an integer which indicates the position of the letter in the alphabet.
That is, assign 0, 1, · · · , 24, 25 to a, b, · · · , y, z, respectively. Using this conversion, Caesar cipher can be
expressed as:
C = Ek(M) = M + 3 (mod 26)
7
where ‘C’ is the cryptogram, ‘E’ is the encryption algorithm, ‘k’ is the key, ‘M’ is the message/plaintext
(one may replace integer 3 by letter ‘d’).
Caesar cipher is from the family of shift ciphers, in which the cryptogram is a shifted version of the
original alphabet. Cryptanalysis of the Caesar (and all shift ciphers) is easy, because there are 26 possible
keys/shift.
Vigen´ere Cipher
In Vigen´ere cipher the key is more than one letter. That is, Vigen´ere cipher can be considered as a
combination of n shift ciphers, where n is the key-length (i.e., the number of letters in the keyword). Let
the message/plaintext be ‘individual character’ and the keyword is ‘host’. Vigen´ere cipher encrypts the
message as follows:
Plaintext i n d i v i d u a l c h a r a c t e r
Keyword h o s t h o s t h o s t h o s t h o s
Cryptogram p b v b c w v n h z u a h f s v a s j
That is, the first four letters of cryptogram computed as:
‘i’ + ‘h’ = 8 + 7 = 15 (mod 26) i.e., p
‘n’ + ‘o’ = 13 + 14 = 1 (mod 26) i.e., b
‘d’ + ‘s’ = 3 + 18 = 21 (mod 26) i.e., v
‘i’ + ‘t’ = 8 + 19 = 1 (mod 26) i.e., b
Since the plaintext is longer than the keyword, keyword is repeated till all letters of the plaintext are
encrypted. As it can be seen, a particular letter of the plaintext may be encrypted with different letters
from the keyword. For example, the first occurrence of letter ‘i’ from the plaintext is encrypted with
‘h’, where its second and third occurrences are encrypted with letters ‘t’, and ‘o’ respectively. That is,
Vigen´ere cipher is a polyalphabetic substitution cipher.
To break a polyalphabetic substitution cipher, the cryptanalyst must first determine the key-length of the
cipher. This can be done using Kassiski method. The Kassiski method uses repetitions of patterns in the
ciphertext in order to get a good guess about the keylength. For example, suppose the plaintext ‘to be or
not to be’ has been enciphered using the key ‘now’, producing the ciphertext below:
Plaintext t o b e o r n o t t o b e
Keyword n o w n o w n o w n o w n
Cryptogram g c x r c n a c p g c x r
In this cryptogram (i.e., g c x r c n a c p g c x r) a repeated pattern is g c x r, where the distance
between these repetitions (i.e., the number of characters from the first letter of the pattern in its first
occurrence to the first letter of its second occurrence) is 9. This could be the sign in which the same
letters from plaintext is encrypted with the same letters from the keyword. Since in Vigen´ere cipher the
keyword is repeated, the key-length is probably 9 or a divisor of 9 (i.e., 3, because 9 has no other divisor).
Assuming that the key length is 3, we split the cryptogram into three cryptogram. That is, the 1st, 4th,
7th, ... characters of the cryptogram are the result of encrypting the 1st, 4th, 7th, ... characters of the
plaintext with the first letter of the keyword (in other word, they are shifted with the same number, as
in the Caesar cipher). Similarly, the 2nd, 5th, 8th, ... characters are the result of encrypting the corresponding letters in the plaintext with the second letter of the key. and the same for the third file. That
is, this Vigen´ere cipher is a combination of 3 Caesar ciphers, where the cryptogram of each Caesar cipher
is given as below:
Cryptogram 1: g r a g r
Cryptogram 2: c c c c
Cryptogram 3: x n p r
In order to break each of these Caesar ciphers, we use the letter frequency in the English text. As it is
8
Figure 5: Letter frequency in English texts
shown in Figure 5, ’e’ is the most common letter in English texts. That is:
In Cryptogram 1, we can guess that either ’g’ or ’r’ could be the corresponding letter to ’e’ in the plaintext.
If ’g’ corresponds to ’e’, then the first letter of the key should be rg
r −r
e
r = 6 − 4 = 2, which is ’c’.
If ’r’ corresponds to ’e’, then the first letter of the key should be r
r
r −r
e
r = 17 − 4 = 13, which is ’n’.
In Cryptogram 2, we can guess that ’c’ is the corresponding letter to ’e’ in the plaintext.
If ’g’ corresponds to ’e’, then the first letter of the key should be r
c
r −r
e
r = 2 − 4 = −2 = 24 (calculation
mod 26), which is ’y’.
In Cryptogram 3, each character is appeared only once, and thus letter frequency does not work.
Remark: This example is just to show the mechanism of the Kassiski attack. This attack is very effective
for large cryptograms (e.g., in the size of cryptograms given in this assignment).
Your Task:
In the following you can find 10 cryptograms, that are created by Vigen´ere cipher, where the plaintext is
English text and the keyword is a meaningful English word. You are required to decipher the cryptogram
that matches with your Student-ID.
[7 marks]
9
Marking Criteria:
 1 mark for determination of at least two patterns of length no less than 3 characters.
 1 mark for determination of the distances between the appearances of the patterns founded in the previous
step (highlight the patters in the text/cryptogram).
 1 mark for obtaining the key-length, i.e., the greatest common divisor of all the distances you computed
in the previous step.
 1 mark for separation of the cryptogram into ‘k’ cryptograms, where ‘k’ is the key-length computed in
the previous step.
 2 marks for the determination of the keyword, with proper justification for each letter of the keyword
(i.e., applying letter frequency).
 1 mark for deciphering the cryptogram and obtaining the correct and readable plaintext.
Not that determination of the keyword/plaintext from incorrect results in previous steps is not acceptable.
10
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX0
pgbuwtelpmtgbcoptgrnszvkruvnbkdhqcwvdwpwakhbphbqelpemeivjolggmgcwopwpc
zwenbfkvxiopmtpgbwqexivdiwrnjzvgtlntojicoqtwthdpbjtuvnbkdhqcwetyetvihc
olucchfcqpriodquiyoeekibusmcjwutwpgompahdlfiioeffepgpodeqqcyfcukvbunpq
dmfewdaidvjksmjyaggnglsgqcedavtumaiabyoeargigttgqceomthiqpvutumpldxxta
zkdluzbjtqjyvggxfemtbcolbkdhqsiutislecgxusmkiynewudgfzvgdnipzvwuoepgay
htbkbuupekchfcnwgnipzodlfepggynlggmctekqafvdqqcvfeegthusmcjwutwptyslvf
hinpwhibfmqfsysdakbcmlzvdmittnxhhtvithfcinpfmdkjtgfdkccvfntchmjqqgsudn
wtscorbqwixepgnxfltyxniepkhjszjntgxppckyjompicgtmfibfqwnaixtviilvdbodx
fwacjwutwptysezwhnusquxmusmgpmjpavpheepgbitecppwdpxvpvmpaqaoutwpibfepg
elpmtgbcoqieinipejdffazqqffxavtgtqzqbqipbjtlusmcjwutwptysswptmuwghdfmz
euibfazqiidztqghpeiuhontviibbebjtuvnbkdhfpzkhuuccuiqpcbjnbphmxtltztxtm
nlvagympdccnqcwdayndmihydfzkisbywpngjeggiwusquxmxsgcaffiquicorqpiysymv
podeqqcmjemuuomwgvgotebjtuvnbkdhfpz
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX1
mpisztfebocvdygdslkskoqxzasvilfwfzekfivcxaqsvxhxdaenxaqrvmibheidsvamde
rboakomgeetbivkvzkegunjogndetregzecliyarvkrroodwygucrdmhzowwileaxowmmk
vctemcvlsmttyowxzdvbegprvmibheiwylfeomltzgvdlxeetbimwepfmtmsvmykqcykrg
qlkrilqclbivtaexieoaelibypcoqxztvnylunxkqxesvxkxdoikvxsijdikqddkmemfko
vxjcykrzunxdlxwepdlxeeenikoaecieqckkqxesrqitbpcixaqeemvrbtzyrtxgfbmmtm
rxhwusgkxvttyogkkpkykkmmkrvhggydlxunjogndetregzecdlxdetomoqrnrsdzoncxa
qsvmvxfkviokqcioemqskrifqsjkkxrrfwxaqciitmagikqbzpisztfebocvdygdslksko
qlnokrigorpzxbanrxhwqciitmuoeuireaiowxorvdegpezdlxdtyowtyefbxaqkeyaeqd
xosyanvyjmtedswlgfwsgbqnkdswqtvbqbzekrihfhvbxauszcaakpisztfebocvdygdsl
kskoqlmrvkplacrvpxpspwqxfrzmjhdeokqixeuowwqciitmuoeswbpeedmvmlkyhxeeem
vrbtzyrugtkridqyjmlxpucomldemovlqdkrifmienvtibrmohragzprunxktkuvrdidqy
tbcifojiwmqmzcxamtzdvxcuzbilfhvzvbartyqfgnzmemuoeyjmtebocdnekgixzsvxhx
daenvxoezfikgszxkteetevxohrxrxxbvpskqaeigkkpkykkmmzcxkmnjwmmfeudlxudvk
fxtieneigbcsgdqytbcifojiwmqmjswmtaksxfugydfxbojcmuxekyhxeixxelkskoqmta
kewxetnyhbrfvbigfkviwyarvxgkkpkssgmnunivdygdmhztyoogawcohzqowyrxafkril
qkviwaawvfikyujdrhfbvcyyritsigfcfwtnfakssgmlcixhpekovfunvdlxatyovaqnto
sgqowdlxwepcgtzbvwewqpllpbobpzyuxijrmgsiksrtpiiogmarpdltfijglxdekrimqr
dzyuxituiroodowydoddlxmdmkrmmgvyjtbusvmvwepmvrbtfcclfedswmtaksjmtevxgk
kpkssgwepswfmdvzyuxitdlxzaeisgqcrxylqtyotnnlzmoxktfcigpaeorvdygdiwyejc
ezqwzdlhgtrzvbartyqfgnzmemuoeyjmtefdlxdkvixaqonxikafkrilqcioxdqyzcxaqo
evciqrjyrmtakmegpetbciftyogkkpkykkmmlcmgstyowxorvdoxkacdlhggyktixyzxkt
busvmvwepmvrbtfcclfednsxenfdvxcuzbiidifbghymlxmvmtzyrmatikrlyikkwxorvd
oxkbvdaxqnkgsimrksilafkrilkskoqmteioqnetsoemdujdiwbusvmvdexswmdynrmmqp
rqilfhrdoxqpjkrnbtfnemqlzcxhracvevfimotnnlzmoxkspcxxysrxigfrpyrmtecswm
tajdsbzccehxfhvxefqowdlxdetomoqrjkphzgnsxafhvsvhdixsrtxpllpbokviwmteck
gdafrbizuskbctxlfgwtzakdevweisrlfernsynrvkobzgkriigbcsgdqytbcifojiwmqm
kywxfugrmlawecclfedkrwfrpdsvanmsrvqsvxhxdskremfhvcclfedswlamvyrxqljowm
tijswvmlcohfmsheikmdzxktftrmomteeyxbanfptnnlzmoxkciitmagiktakwrcmgfrfn
yvqdsihbrfzoegphvvpfmnkrirpijmyleeudlxehfbxvamzxklafgbmomtvuirorpzxhey
jdifeaenmgfrfnyvqdkgsgavvveibrfkgaqstkpeqdgefeucbocvdygdslkskoqlmnuzyu
xituirpijdvbnukssgeyjdifetfcseheioptfeuzvhnlvww
11
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX2
pjwhauftexrnclttvhbuapimqouvwvqhbqthjivavathydtkmnfjdagvgvxvpckxekvkjx
bvxzwmbcuwrnoxpjyumutgvyvmflttyuqvrbvevctxhrrgmhyxtmhverdeivagvjimwgva
tjifctbipqhiungvgdvdxtotumultufbbjxclqemthuzrwmnexxiqbintjwhavapkeqcpt
jklrzkltuwhbyhjchkixxifqdsgbcfvgmtmdyeymczjrvdvvxtfjgmvxgdmqqpziyivmek
tkxzwvrevwrnuxrlvlbaapmiemggszwfcultumqbjxazxhzcmjiirnuxriiwajtgzrjaea
tdivagvgvxvpckxekvkjxbvwzqvajegrvfbizsqinlttyuqvriymvugtcjxkivmwvwhkwk
xkcrnvatjcvbgfxjmqlgitehhvvhuklhbkftrrgzgldlvfmutkrmoidetksdvahegsqmpm
lyslavknzrjbqbckiungktnmwpvatgvrkgwjiivmektkwkitbcxwfpgftnmwpehcumwqqg
pcwhkwkxkcwpklbveqavapkxkmuxrlvlbahuklhaalivqumnbtjsqbjxszjiqenakcrneh
bgywqpzhfqhlkyuzgxtvigffomolifwwcfrdehlnhbrlpwxthqcipauxtrwhktxijldzkg
vjgkmoxxjthzhxrkmibjxeiseidbazxbwhtclrdcvadimvmfltksixckizglxcgijfhqpz
psphbqwtkiuukgtklhagvgvxlaphqvxwmtmwrrwpcmdweqwwmhzhhzcgsklhzgydiilaph
qvxwmtmwrrjcglhzrjbjxhvgumvmwvfdakvifsoqplilhbqpzhvgumerxjxkmphizsqwhx
ckvrxatrfrfmrmxexuwfnrvheguaperrvggiissgetcsiwpqnvyxrnclpdewpgfpkmfinf
trwxzghuzriwtfpkmrvqkjeghzvtxexbipwxjgrurnivhdacyjegwqqgdweszqupsmoqvr
szwwzkujkmrvnxirvdvfhbmeuqcuavowimxdeeiqpbivwhbqykrpxmutrtsulkgvksdxth
qrfltkmnumvbtbqlxlwpigffnbjxjeghzvtxexbidhjkxkmkgufvpivbdekdqpxsscdvgo
texzpkvwkenmuiarghievdihlvimdumvbtbqlxlwpigffnquvpcphlvatvrwzqinfjnipw
xjhhvqmtufbpmmwvjrzotauiiqpbizsqwhxckvrxabhrwiwnednwvcridjinqutgrrgwoo
pimdjnxlymfpvtzvwrvcyxemwmuxifjyinntjefkqkszrjbqteiseidbazxblkliimecvb
detuwddiyiqbjxtexuwrrdwxkquigffdjkexkcgqumgzfxbkhczwgmhbcvhegvatwsotqp
xekiwtfjce
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX3
wpwhiddreapagmwtapyklkmyghwjdtkgwmjlbqiisdvngtydwfbjqhaudcuvcgfvcfhijy
hitkfalbjafgmkwjwwhxguowcvdwrbzgloavmsdcvvhzuchtwluhglkgqilgxfgqzwrova
dbaqhgffmsdcvvhzzcmkmeuavnwvdjafnzwbumunfgwjwcvdwwwjgjmvlilgbsnlvyouvw
lbxqlwpduhnyaxdjafxwjzqfuufvgwwuhglzifvnghdgljyqelozvxwfbbzcnlzhgkwvea
wbwfnzweqvrotdlknglaxlitkfalbbzglwexaldyhmetaefqsyianutdhqfhijedbaqhtq
zpaebsdoxstnawvkspvwnhzahcwvdazcpafjkgtlwuwtqhiddrewfnzwdcuvcgfszgviug
obzkmkzrcdfcfuocvgynagmfeygxumykmljdbaqhtaglapasfgxjqixgieaphwjowkgljg
eckvhwkvbzgumuwqgpjjgfmkugmkwvgvvwsinwenwvegappsdlltkxkfrztajsjwqukjsf
wafqnxgotgycfywpwcoullwfrlglrkgnwgjumuvfqsqwfagalbbzgvavgmjdcvjhtsvcgf
vpargmkwjweifuhidgxkgwpsvhgtllvglusqjwcmkgfqsvyvolbzvbwtllljyqkxjeknlz
laauixlhvvqhwtbqkuoafjjafxwjveavbshvmmfifqpbzcnlzhguchmkhbguotelbtkxkg
wpwtukhhkluixsqwfagalbzwnulwwwojylzhzljyavhvlknqgibzgqafqmjkmjwymsnyvs
qllqqzgpngtypspxdgmzgxtvvbwsxklkifwhzdgujfwpwycffhzkkxwfwqlaufvrzljyoa
qvapahjlkwqlkzrcdfifdbbzgmwdomjmhgowpau
12
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX4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13
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX5
mdiakaywdvxemhxmxhnwdtmlyshaeilxvtkymizokxbnlnyewigilxlxeummicrfmlyhka
kimxqaliwghtlluglnzwwwhmxmmqdsxhicwhxemhxmixcdqtaenikewiuahrvehiuagwgx
wtaimwdrxwjglvtxyabhhaykhrbjuhhcnvyrkagryagoxwhdweqmmirrmlyghilejdvsbf
caltrxbpwtaixtdlxvchgillichsmxbtqtailtlstrytgthtldyiwiwtuttmhibausoiwh
xhchwrbfoihdllughsvligjoehqpvsxvgxfaemucgapilqxcamhiuowywtgtaiptuiymuq
llbxseuoupybrfliwghtlluglnzwwwhmxwucgpksjdvewehxqtxvurwioijgrthgiawols
fkhtammeuoupyboamiluhlwqucsrhtihhdtriclnmilpftbzyhrlnxcdqvxvculaupyhhc
kinhkakmhvvcaigtvhtzyqhegxbtvuunyrwoymhkhsmmapwihrvnveoilpoanxbdusgsnt
whtxuaotaimtyekmzxdbeimtfrxxmwdrbrahfhxqyhdlesqikeashtvtielilcbtucwsms
ycvukinwdtmlyxusaeltvakiwdurxgnpqdmlohlnmlyhhckinghchrmiuuvxcdqpaemtwh
xcqxolkiwdyekxbtrrbkccdlliwghtlxusoektldsolixpsuupcroyoilxiitfftvevvyi
vhtvccjsvlybhigabxfhgsndqlrxbtsakxcrlptrnheumefhragsoiviwilrdnoilxiyml
uiwhxwbpueleltfokvyrwlrhchwrbfoihdfiusrwlmhiuowywtgtaijgrbeigdisxxnxqg
ntmwdrxhmtfrxxmrkefimxqtaiuqveggydiamvohwewoyngilxlxeummicfegxltrnxeje
uotgbdihxvmrkefibdzeoilghlbimdqtaiocfoghcilogefiuulxqdutamhtvshjuqoavo
vdawamwwvekzyhlnipurhoyxbtgetpygwhxsnwhrttjgravlqduklaciktaibtophjuexb
emwzhyxrwgbpmmicvylxybdtmlyhhckinslsmvcqxtbshekalifpwekmhvhmtvmhrntrxh
lmfshhdnwnurnshrjgrphwysdpksndfoexihhtntmwdrxhmtfrxxmrkefimlltasoiwhxl
yasoyegjwutpfnwrnwntgptvnnltbwqdutaqycwihrccjtaentyegmzikellughstvysls
mvcqxtxhwdurxgnabnhxykhrrwyruemwbpuigkmrkefiwpqgnelpqtxinwdtmlyedrmmwx
sagxmrdnkiwdyekxbtjegycchsxgltwtaenxvigxbtvevvyiuevshhwrngnxrniluhhawm
mwrnxwnedrmmwxsagxgpbcaiuiwhxwshweffsrrnmvcqxtbrapiadimwdrxxiurrvinwhg
ksoewokiwdyekehxqchvltftliwghtplcahsaiwpqouxuxqtaiiglgbruavevvyiiokirp
ppeindpptehszoepbpyellilqtaenhkafmlhvcaigtlsgsnhhcnvypjabrmifekxuxqfhv
ghrfvlypwigkucgtaiswdvxwbdznasqirchtylltaxbxvpksvahmuvcrneepucgsmmhhrn
aeptsrhtihhdtwyruemwbpuigkmrkefiqxwhmlyrdptfcaltrszshtxgnxqgmlyrketxyg
vtaiwwhammhvsrhfftphtwvthnmlyhxbciwirfbrptvtbkuilogfshhvxvuartailh
14
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX6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15
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX7
mnzsxbdtrtbveslkqamsvizrfsygzvzgjipryezybumtknmeqcftagdutzqbzpiukrpuik
uhetgxwiudvzprhacolfqcikbgaacrxndtziqcmnkywsmnrabuarzymqeekzprderxmsgn
ugurztrrtlpiwlmeqnkgxcdoripretfiwedetzvreswuzftaiklfqcikbfohvsmfroikfn
ypckiiqrzlqnnlvympdekypndiemaptedkiyxonybuqhftmffprxbvoiggvgetfkvfgrvz
pnftykgpmnikkbheigcauqlkarorvzdrdiwoioxejkkeqtjnieunxykuqmvyerdeuoapgs
jklokmrtgbfhvxihfhfxanxtyucttiebmeufzgjyqsvizrfsygzvzgjipryejviefitoxn
ztjiiaheionlfhvbiyudzzgbrtykqeaweypndejzprkcrtvbfkeuejteknmeatykzcmrko
kvbaezajutycpbytykgzugyzkbxlrhwemtvzweqcftagdutzbuqsvizrfacywumvvbiyud
jnieqsknqfbrfhtryijjqfoujymqungajyuccedrdiwoioxejkkeqtjnieunxykuqmvyqa
ihzipcmrkokvbaezabremkzlmuknweusvjarfaikioxekukbzvztkrqvvxgoadpzpnftyk
qeehrxmfmrvxmymtvjbbfhvympdekzpnfijovgtejkkeqtikkbzskxcpfiftxumsvzprkc
rtzroomkzgtejkkeqtvbmamsjauvzgknigfhvjmnxeioauanvybnzdvbmeksygzrtocjme
detkqiqdtuzeqckypndejzprdezyvbsurxiafevzpnftykarorvzzrooeybegckowabrfz
wpalgxwiudvybuqoioovzacympdeklwefhvgcgtoioarpsvzwsoocrioarrzqasprxbvoi
ggvgetygbveauoauanvybcmrkokvbaezunkffutgtefzprdsjubuqyfhbnunrtqahacolf
qcikbgtijvzbnlvspnebvkvqustaafqdsearheigtngtyuzfunjuurmpgrqpmtzuvfafry
mpdekypndiemaptedkvbmduobvanrrkbzfzxunfiftbumtriwedetzdnxuvlwefhvympde
knifnevtzroomkzrpijtmrpeulweqxrsxyqtykjnzkmgcyfdfuzrutykzbbeeyweutuumf
zokgngqrrtihfhfxqfqdjkbbrprxbvoiggvgehrbmrztvxmqfhvozftaikagtijoaaatkn
mpmsvongteribvantuvgdocrmqnyrypndeuympdekykuqmvoaquskgvgunvobuqrkourar
gripqfiuujteikiamuknweusvjarfowviefitoxnztjgxcxyknmvdsygzreffxmkmmgrmv
rtykkbztiutyqdribvanzybuqaisqasowguveszrmjmrykiqutzylreiigjyqtfniiqcft
nvdmrzqbzpiowefocgcaohknigfhviwedetzieyiemkbpeygaoqeekvgqrvjifapguarpt
frmndnztonrtvxbuqmzyavxerxzvhejgbgtekgztqtknigfhvcieterjpnpnfzjrqnrxurp
16
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX8
bvsibykttovmjmhodedbbvsqcgukxvaxchxmqyigyvkmfwohwmpqcaolmjqosjmlmovsnt
gldiimxwumrmnbfmelshvxbtihlboqmpwgiemyibntmqarcztlwomsnrhzuibnxwkdcdnh
zzmtvcvlgexsgpaqolfyjnqdignaxkarqumxvmxwighnmwswkxbelolbgoegvyfxeuxvmb
goxiimxkkdcdnhzzmtvsblceyoferczeqwxibmfzytlizeinahzuwsxlxbajdukmqomdug
mayygnybzexfyvhdqvhbxvzkthizkiblwwdxgilwwavwytfifbaqwhbxlgexsgbwmmpzsh
gmisifwkmcywlxvwxpovhkifmbaitzfmqcitvfwhitixxchbxbzelolxlizhdykywdqhbx
kmcywlxwkdcdnhzzmtvcvmzmrgzhkumxwigtbflsmtfmfmaymameifylntfwoflhkmpzyw
iidxwuekmeyznltzqxvyglmzxhimamosavbgmdavivttoyzumxaflszbgixvsmnebzshym
aifmbmhfmesqcxmgavwygmmpgfsimwsvojabkecgnxfaoscjxkifmbaitzfmqcitvfwtck
lbzisxmhibtzstyczghchgwzxvybkatefyltvptfiwnkqxvybkuahwzbxlelolxlbtibol
xbtiaiwbnuirmatzqwhizxvqvonxiidxwuekmeyznllqzgsakhcbwqugxftmpcmwqrjslx
gbexfovmcdigugwzugvykkmxehchgamqchziidxwwbiizxgcfitqqshmtbusbmhyaggvmx
kdugsmuxkaqsghkmosajexfrsfakhcbwhbtgnavwhwbduhiuelqfmgqhkbtqshmbwzmbam
aifezghlbmpzcfitqqshmtbusbmhyaagwymrwdmshmxlovmjmhodedbbvakwhyflidipul
xlardoueqoossvkgbxcmrlbqqgmnvpmwhbxkamxvyxeomqofhkbtircyyqqlsfefiztive
bkwimxblbdmpombwzwmmmxuflslxaiefsyggwmxhyfibfspulxbtvsmahtpgfsimwsvoja
bkmpuikbbtqgiglgyqsnkbkovmjmhakwhyfltuosxxleqspmxkdqxkikxiesbmyhzflwmf
hafilclmqzkwgiemyibntmqargiylwomsnrhzuibnxwkdcdnhzzmtvcvlgexsgltzqfomx
wwzxvyvhvoidnhyitsaifhzblwwlxkdihmatzurumvamyihbxfiflsgtmqoezmmkcoxilx
hnflsjnutugyyrvzkthilrafiamtkmmhskntbqvsatklurunaxpaqcghkxtmqjkhxqvhsu
nbflshhgtursukbbktfiixzfcczmambvwptmmwimwkrxfsgslmmywrixlvaxofehepitcg
bbusbiylcolobhfwysfjabayeznahcslhbxgmoigmbmgajhbxawysaikipuwajkhxqvhsm
hqytzyfxvfegivbmfcclbxvfirwkrxfsultipuggslmmylomghbnishikwhirmrfuqxfcv
vzkthilrafiamtkmzshmnbbmfzyyhzflwminzbsgytlagqsnatbmfohdpqelsmmhceiomr
fuqxfcvvzkthilrafiavtlmpxvlxlpaprmrlbqqwhhklqvhivhuyybcvtbqawnavcexcgx
kauxaolmxawgyllaqtoltmmovmjmhodedbbvsqcgwhkzqwdigwqzkhiwbnrifygmkgwhif
xzeshbxkeuwswnlbaqsllvizvsuwmpqqsmltoqwqiffczmqumxlnihqxxvflsvtgsmrrim
amdgimmhuqvg
17
Cryptogram for whom their Student-ID is XXXXXXX9
zilooxofekatiodyxjhciqmllokmuiwpcrqesnlcwzrsihsvqnghidrxlpxpoxbbyinshe
vvxpvrdnrrpcldbjgisdlrvlxstybtxnoksiieuosvrxhnsrnglxisjcnkxehykffxabjr
bagpvrdfyvdokxglkagyyyhwaqiicxbkbuyrwgkhjkgmlbmussjxnsedaixzgfpnkkkigk
ghbbtvbrrmpwdofjhnsokzteagfwrqxogrqrwtnsjyhvzabkduemajvblqxipvbbjmdsxb
byiiijdoitxzvdbvxwrkrrqhjhyobxaafykahmdsionvxycepvhxjhzkyqxogrqrwbjkys
plmdstybtxnoksbrhbodkwskehpyskkkigwrquafjsfvxmizbrhmkrvmvtaafkrrgkudky
tvtihyoeitnsdkachpvvbaixzgkrnxvwbeygfxwqtyzqhzokoqfrwgzwcpxpvioflhhrgy
ymvukzdueyelvnglkagyyyhiwfrwrxxnvfgrzxnqfxfxkqqksakwetwoeigphybrwakzuc
lwmaajdbwtpwjplhbbtvbrrmjsvnfsywuiyhttprzpsikabkdvqxofvahmkagrcfmzjweq
qmybsioaxiqpcspoxugkyglxcffecaaeqysfrhpogbngmeqrvfseqhzyawbjqvduilabuo
emlpvvyaprkbvgusdjcncglxjokeeihbhyozilooxoqilisudfyzcsjdfxaawuonplkzld
vsgsclvqfxpvrdglxosenrvhbhyovrykfdkgmhjqrxnhwwtvgommohfduifagjktilqqyd
uempvvcrjxspzdfigwpcoglxcffecxhwqtofwmdszxsskioksbrnoweqglxiskrbhaavrc
qivervnnrwjcfduikkbvdumlisrxfxaauiyhtawgfxycmkdllymldceocyuhwturctjrkr
nxbpqrxoinosusagtosjduemwzcwrquafjrnzxpcrmpilohyovrykfdkgmhjgzwhpmwbvy
hweuojgrpewgzxpelacwozikcsemlegzocvbxaafgyfwbxzvmnwxorvzrrwebxyaaawhkr
rwxjrvbqivervcuspajvbaslqqyduvxovfvqgkudkyfclpsdrnwuasembrlpflmgiwocwk
exaatzbfxtphvwcxlkbuofmzjweqglkagyyyhwaqiicxbkbjifxxignoeiuwgvnbrfabkk
yktisjkahmdsiosskaqfwcpxpscivqinotdvgthoenvrmafrmgmoahyosmkohgbngmeqrv
nrwjcesaxxnotdvzxpvioflhhruopvrlhzyawrohvwjelebkbbhnysullhxoavngegztik
aoxhhyovvlyvvwreilzzofxaascqnqthdllymvgspmecipcjifxxi